Exercise 0:
1.Syntax error-These are the first errors you will make and the easiest to fix. A
               syntax error means that you have violated the “grammar” rules of Python.
               Python does its best to point right at the line and character where it noticed
               it was confused. The only tricky bit of syntax errors is that sometimes the
               mistake that needs fixing is actually earlier in the program than where Python
               noticed it was confused. So the line and character that Python indicates in
               a syntax error may just be a starting point for your investigation.

  logic error-A logic error is when your program has good syntax but there is
              a mistake in the order of the statements or perhaps a mistake in how the
              statements relate to one another. A good example of a logic error might be,
              “take a drink from your water bottle, put it in your backpack, walk to the
              library, and then put the top back on the bottle.”

  semantic error-An error in a program that makes it do something other than
                 what the programmer intended.

2.Input-Putting information in a program 

  Output -Getting some kind of information out of the progrma

3.seqeuntial execution-makes sure that your program is run line by line,as written

4. reading-Examine your code, read it back to yourself, and check that it says what
   you meant to say.
   
   running-Experiment by making changes and running different versions. Often
           if you display the right thing at the right place in the program, the problem
           becomes obvious, but sometimes you have to spend some time to build  
           scaffolding.

   ruminating-Take some time to think!

   retreating-At some point, the best thing to do is back off, undoing recent changes,
              until you get back to a program that works and that you understand. Then
              you can start rebuilding.

Exercise 1:

1.